feat: Update of the Book→Operators page (#205)
tact-lang/tact-docs: pages/book/operators.mdx

Even though this example may be simple, neglection of precedence rules can often lead to confusing situations with operators. The correct order of operations can be ensured by wrapping every operation in [parentheses](#parentheses), since parentheses have the highest precedence of all expressions and operators there is.

That said, Tact's precedence levels are carefully crafted with predictability and convenience in mind, such that the following expression will always hold `true{:tact}`:

```tact

> a / b * b + a % b == a; // true for any Int values of `a` and `b`,

Reviewer: This is not about operator precedence level, it's a basic property of division. This should be moved to the corresponding section

```tact
let two: Int = 2;
two * two;           // 4
 0  * 1_000_000_000; // 0

> -1  * 5;             // -5

Reviewer: why this change?

Author: Felt like aligning things around the operator would make for better readability at a glance. May remove this change here and in other places across the file as well

Author: Makes sense, will revert those changes

pow(2, 255) * pow(2, 255); // build error: integer overflow!
```

#### Divide, `/` [#binary-divide]

> Binary slash (_division_) operator `/{:tact}` is used for integer division of two values, which truncates towards zero if result is positive, and away from zero if result is negative. An attempt to divide by zero would result in an error with [exit code 4](/book/exit-codes#4): `Integer overflow`.

Reviewer: We can also mention this is called "rounding to −∞"

#### Divide, `/` [#binary-divide]

> Binary slash (_division_) operator `/{:tact}` is used for integer division of two values, which truncates towards zero if result is positive, and away from zero if result is negative. This is also called [rounding down](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rounding#Rounding_down) (or rounding towards $-∞$), where, for example, result value of $23.7$ gets rounded to $23$, and $−23.2$ gets rounded to $−24$.

Reviewer: It's confusing to mention real numbers in the context of integer division

An attempt to divide by zero would result in an error with [exit code 4](/book/exit-codes#4): `Integer overflow`.

Can only be applied to values of type [`Int{:tact}`][int]:

```tact
let two: Int = 2;
two / 2; // 1
two / 1; // 0
-1 / 5;  // -1
-1 / -5; // 0
1 / -5;  // -1
1 / 5;   // 0
6 / 5;   // 1, rounding down
-6 / 5;  // -2, rounding down (towards -∞)
```

<Callout>

>   Because division operator `/{:tact}` in Tact rounds down, the following expression always holds `true{:tact}`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Note the following relationship between the division and modulo operators always holds:
```

Author: If division operator wouldn't round down and produced real numbers, that wouldn't work. Euclidean-ish thingy you're suggesting only works with Ints. I may rewrite that part a bit different, mentioning that Tact & TON only operate on integer numbers

</Callout>

### Bitwise XOR, `^` [#binary-bitwise-xor]

Binary caret (_bitwise XOR_) operator `^{:tact}` applies a [bitwise XOR](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bitwise_operation#XOR), which performs the [logical exclusive OR](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Exclusive_or) operation on each pair of the corresponding bits of operands. The result in each position is $1$ if only one of the bits is $1$, but will be $0$ if both are $0$ or both are $1$. In this it performs the comparison of two bits, giving $1$ if the two bits are different, and $0$ if they are the same.

It is useful for inverting selected bits of an operand (also called toggle or flip), as any bit may be toggled by "XORing" it with $1$.

Can only be applied to values of type [`Int{:tact}`][int]:

```tact
let two: Int = 2;
two ^ 3; // 1
 4  ^ 1; // 0
 3  ^ 1; // 3
 1  ^ 1; // 0

255        ^ 0b00001111; // 240
0b11110000 ^ 0b00001111; // 240
```

<Callout>

  [Bitwise XOR - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bitwise_operation#XOR)\
  [Bit manipulation - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bit_manipulation)

</Callout>

### Bitwise OR, `|` [#binary-bitwise-or]

> Binary bar (_bitwise OR_) operator `|{:tact}` applies a [bitwise OR](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bitwise_operation#OR), which performs the [logical OR](#binary-logical-or) operation on each pair of the corresponding bits of operands. This is useful when we want to apply a specific [bitmask](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mask_(computing)).

Reviewer: Speaking of bit masks, here would be a nice place to link to the sendmodes combinations section
